HELBIZ

Helbiz is an online market place that enable activities such as 
renting a motor vehicle, a motorcycle or a bicycle very convenient, 
affordable and rewarding. 
It takes the familiar car sharing approach and combines 
it with Blockchain technology. It aims to provide access to 
individual automobiles, as well as fleets of vehicles and other
transportation services. 

Technology Description

Helbiz intends to be the first company adopting HelbizCoin and leveraging the Helbiz Mobility System which will be a platform that will made open to other companies with interest in providing mobility related services such as insurance. The companies will be able to do so through the use of dApps.
Smart contracts will be used to ensure facilitate, verify and enforce the sharing of data and improve the performance of per to peer automobile sharing once pre-set conditions are met. 

Key Features

Helbiz intends to connect car owners, renters and service providers through its platform by offering the following services:
Providing an internal exchange to facilitate conversion of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum to HelbizCoin.
A built-in wallet to store and use the HelbizCoin easily in the platform.
Templates of smart contracts to allow automobile owners to share their assets.

Team

Helbiz has a team of 12 team members. Majority of the team members are advisors and founders with a few engineers and blockchain experts. Notable names within the team include Salvatore Palella who is the Founder, Michelle De Buono who is an advisor, Armando Calvesa a co-founder and Michael Coppola a strategic advisor. The rest of the team members include:
Milos Ctakovic, Co-founder.
Michael Coppola, Strategic Advisor.
Justin Giuliano, President Blockchain Operations.
A more detailed breakdown of the team members and advisors can be found here: https://icobench.com/ico/helbiz/team

Investor

One notable investor of Helbiz is Giulio Profumo who is also an advisor and part of the team. He is Fin-tech advisor who has 8 years of experience within the financial, blockchain and technology sectors.
Token: HelbizCoin (HBZ)
Accepted Currency: Ether, Bitcoins
Platform: Ethereum

Below are all the socials for the Helbiz ICO.
Here’s a link to an introductory video of how Helbiz works: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etJuvQBqBZw 

Website: https://www.helbiz.com/
LinkedIn: Helbiz
Facebook: Helbiz  
Medium: @HelbizOfficial 
Twitter: @Helbizofficial 
YouTube: Helbiz Official

Information regarding this ICO has been found and extracted from here: 
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/helbiz-blockchain-airbnb-transportation/


